# Total Warfare Mod 2
## Tribes 2
### Release Version: 1.8
#### [[PREV RELEASE]](1.7.md) | [[NEXT RELEASE]](1.9.md)
* Universal Ranks are now live!
  * Provided by Signal360
  * Servers designated by the TWM2 development team (Core) will have save and load permissions
  * All other servers (Satellite) will have load permissions
* Added the Wartower Game Mode
  * Long requested fan mode for TWM2
    * Bring back the excitement of our old TWM1 minigame FFA, but now in an actual game mode
  * Hardcore Free For All featuring a veritcal element
    * No goal, just kill anyone you can, while ascending the tower to achieve a height advantage
  * Two Maps For Now:
    * Tower 2009 Limited Edition Map
	  * This is a classic map, created using the building file from TWM1.
    * Century Maze Map
	  * A new tower, featuring multiple routes, verticallity, and horizontal conflicts.
* Kill triggers can now kill invincible players.
* Added a new trigger, Invincibility Disabler (used in the wartower game mode), to disable your invincibility when you leave the spawn area.
* New Weapons:
  * Plasmasaber
    * Deadly lethal harbinger energy blade controlled by a magnetic inducer
  * SA2400
    * Burst fire slug shotgun 
	* Created by DarknessOfLight
  * Centaur
    * Sidearm Slot
	* Dual wield pistols that do light damage, but fire rapidly
  * Desert Eagle 
    * Sidearm Slot
	* High powered pistol that hits hard but fires slowly
* New Killstreaks:
  * UAMS Guided Missile Strike 
    * 6 Kills
	* Remote control a UAV armed with three sidewinder missiles and a guided missile launcher
  * Harbinger's Wrath
    * 10 Kills
	* Rain death on the battlefield from the Harbinger's feared Gunship Platform
    * Hosts, to create a gunship that endlessly circles the map (Gunship support), type StartHarbingersWrath(your CID, 1, 1);
* Fixed the hilarious bug in Helljump that allowed players to kill their own transport, plunging all players to their deaths.
* Fixed the helicopters on crack glitch.
* Added the capability to remote a helicopter chaingun system, possibly a killstreak in a later version? (like harbinger's wrath, but with a helicopter)
* Fixed the sabotage bomb explosion (it properly explodes now)
* Fixed the S3S Rifle Glitch (You could shoot yourself :p)
* Shotgun weapons (Excluding the LD06 Savager) now properly make their fire sound
* Added the Silencer Attachment to numerous weapons.
* Shotguns now display in the weapons challenge list, but do not have upgrades.
* Fixed a glitch with the RP-432 Machine gun, the sound is now correct, fixed a similar issue on the MG42.
* Kill streaks can now be tracked via the player info page.
* A few minor bug fixes from 1.7.