# Total Warfare Mod 2
## Tribes 2
### Release Version: 2.0
#### [[PREV RELEASE]](1.9.md) | [[NEXT RELEASE]](2.1.md)
* Holiday 2009 Release!
  * Let's celebrate the end of the year with some explosive action!!!
* New Map
  * Christmas Mall 2009
    * Symetrical mall segment with both tight corridors and long passages
    * Sabotage, Domination
* Domination Enhancement:
  * Mappers can now name areas:
  * $Domination::Flag[Num(1, 2, or 3), "Map File Name without .mis"] = "Name"; (Thanks To DoL For This)
* 3 New Killstreaks:
  * Plasma Harrier Airstrike
    * 7 Kills
	* Call in a rapid deployment airstrike and a support craft to provide additional support after the bombing run.
  * Gunship Helicopter
    * 9 Kills
	* Call in a heavily armored helicopter armed with a high powered chaingun and rocket pods.
  * Z-Bomb
    * 100 Zombie Kills
	* Horde got you down? Wipe em' all out in a flashing blast
* Killstreak System Upgrades:
  * Added Host Streak Settings:
    * 1: Current Method: 3 Streaks/Player
    * 2: Old Method: All Streaks Earneds if Unlocked
    * 3: New Method: X Streaks/Player, X Set by host.
    * 4: No Streaks: Simple enough...
  * Chopper Gunner: Renamed to Apache Gunner
    * Apache Helicopter has a more powerful chaingun than the Combat Helicopter, slower RoF, but larger splash damage
  * Apache Gunner and Harbingers wrath now count to your kill streaks.
* Non-Weapon Challenges are now live!
  * Special Event Challenges: Challenges to do on "Special" Days.
  * Killstreak Challenges: Challenges completed for using killstreak rewards
* Weapon Adjustments
  * RPG-7
    * Players were complaining about the deadly consistency of the RPG-7, and so some adjustments have been made
	  * RPG-7 Rockets now randomly move after fired
      * Usage of the RPG-7 now requires Rank 50.
* Slingshot Zombie Added, Pilots Beware
  * Armed with a powerful quad acid cannon to strike down enemy aircraft with lethal precision
* Explosive Weapons Now Can Count To Weapon Kills
* Helljump Updates
  * So apparently, players found another way... with C4... to blow up the transport...
    * Invicibility should prevent that, and all future transport detonation bugs ;)
  * Players who jump too early out will be placed back in the transport
